feat: (macos) add vibrancy state parameter (#63)
amrbashir/tauri-plugin-vibrancy: README.md

## Example

```rs

> use window_vibrancy::{apply_blur, apply_vibrancy, NSVisualEffectMaterial, NSVisualEffectState};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use window_vibrancy::{apply_blur, apply_vibrancy, NSVisualEffectState};
```

#[cfg(target_os = "macos")]

> apply_vibrancy(&window, NSVisualEffectMaterial::HudWindow, Some(NSVisualEffectState::Active)).expect("Unsupported platform! 'apply_vibrancy' is only supported on macOS");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply_vibrancy(&window, NSVisualEffectMaterial::HudWindow, None).expect("Unsupported platform! 'apply_vibrancy' is only supported on macOS");
```

| `apply_blur`&`clear_blur`         | Windows  7/10/11      |       |
| `apply_acrylic`&`clear_acrylic`   | Windows 10/11         | has bad performance when resizing/dragging the window on Windows 10 v1903+ and Windows 11 build 22000. |
| `apply_mica`&`clear_mica`         | Windows 11            |       |

> | `apply_vibrancy`                  | macOS 10.10 and newer | `state` is used to control vibrancy state, for default please use `None` and it will follow the window active state. |

Reviewer: revert this change
